What, you're the legendary electronics captain.
Wait a minute.
Solve my problem first.
You told me this was a man.
My father a while ago.
I love the p-chart.
So...
He's a sister-in-law.
Yes, it's real.
Sister-in-law.
Hey.
Ye Yongtian, you bastard.
No, tell me earlier.
Excuse me.
I shouldn't have hidden you from my father.
I know you prefer a normal life.
Don't worry, the company doesn't know about our relationship.
My identity will not affect your life.
Give me some time to digest.
Yes.
I thought it was just a coincidence.
I can't believe he's the famous Captain Ip.
I married my savior four years ago.
Did you hear that?
Our crew has a new colleague.
I heard that Captain Ip's white moon has returned to the country.